Add docs for CloudDualStackNodeIPs docs (KEP-3705) (#40188)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/architecture/nodes.md

  {{< glossary_tooltip text="taints" term_id="taint" >}} (comma separated `<key>=<value>:<effect>`).

  No-op if `register-node` is false.

> - `--node-ip` - Optional comma-separated list of the IP addresses for the node. You can only specify a single address
>   for each address family.

Reviewer: nitpicking:

```suggestion
- `--node-ip` - Optional comma-separated list of the IP addresses for the node.
  You can only specify a single address for each address family.
```

  {{< glossary_tooltip text="taints" term_id="taint" >}} (comma separated `<key>=<value>:<effect>`).

  No-op if `register-node` is false.

> - `--node-ip` - IP address of the node, or comma-separated pair of IP addresses in [a dual-stack cluster](/docs/concepts/services-networking/dual-stack/#configure-ipv4-ipv6-dual-stack).

Reviewer 2: `--node-ip` is optional, right?

```suggestion
- `--node-ip` - Optional comma-separated list of the IP addresses for the node. You can only specify a single address
  for each address family.
  For example, in a single-stack IPv4 cluster, you set this value to be the IPv4 address that the
  kubelet should use for the node.
  See [configure IPv4/IPv6 dual stack](/docs/concepts/services-networking/dual-stack/#configure-ipv4-ipv6-dual-stack) 
  for details of running a dual-stack cluster.

  If you don't provide this argument, the kubelet use the node's default IPv4 address, if any;
  if the node has no IPv4 addresses then the kubelet uses the node's default IPv6 address.
```

- `--node-labels` - {{< glossary_tooltip text="Labels" term_id="label" >}} to add when registering the node
  in the cluster (see label restrictions enforced by the

>   [NodeRestriction admission plugin](/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/admission-controllers/#noderestriction)).

Reviewer 2: We might want to mark the other command line arguments that are optional as optional, so that readers don't draw the wrong inference.

Author: Did you want me to do that as part of this PR?

Reviewer 2: Nice to have, but not required here.
